Phelps
the first round of the last century
sounds like his swan song
because now there is competition
that stands there
relentless and quiet
almost silent
an authority comes from these silent rivals
this is called Bruins Dr
he refrains from exhaust
he can afford it
CO2 emissions
and now comes the topic teacher reserve wegtaut represent
da van Gaal
it may
the electric motor becomes the consultant
but you see
he shows it in the red area
that means who lives back again that means different threats in the
world
from 0 to 100 in 5 seconds
250 things
360 hp
our trip is short but call says we would come with a battery charge
over 300 kilometers far
we drive to one of his three hydroelectric power plants
Electricity from natural sources that we have been doing for a long time
but we also know how to drive cars knows who he is for two years
Maybe it was for Hertha expiring
of course found it
how do you find the eleven-year-old is won
for the car and one of our vehicles on friday was that
always like that
a long-awaited wish
Rafi Refaeli 44 days later you will reach the SLF louder
but now
it works
this frequency also judges
Of course this is a very important component of the electric motor can only
work with these moments or on
warned in winter
although the last module for the author's film under this development
the coach cares
Manufacture Ruf of all places puts the industry under power
so far, it's only known for PS from articles around the world
to pimp their petrol
out of 400 hp makes 7
The unreasonableness of the Raser brought the money to develop the new drive
Porsche Turbo Club's license
but reputation became independent with the years Porsche has a winemaker
Project no share
change of location
Ingolstadt
this green may not lack the sale of any recent Massa
The topic electrifies the big German automakers
The professional car comes with a marketable large trunk
Also in 2010, it should go into production
so polished calls currently on the reputation of the car country Germany
Thumbs up Dougan
we do not know how to win the meter
come later
van Bommel
read more the construction of Marburg Syndrome Nortmoor fruit only propagate it
nobody buys
We already had electric vehicles in the early 90s or want
we have the burning car in the beginning of the nineties nobody has it
Bought
Of course, it is also a question of not only the development of loyalty
but stolen by the drivers
there is still set Müller Pascal back
There are already customers
even if the artist still costs 180 thousand euros
of it alone make the battery is not 50 euros not a pity
Pillar of choice
the tightened German automobile next to Goethe himself is probably only
coincidence
the IBM winding has overslept its association that is supposed to be with the electric car
not happen
the Bavarian electro-pioneer is doing a banking feasible in his office
like with 1000
also not solved
Here are in addition to the whole subject battery and electric
There is only one thing you need to know about developments worldwide
Today, a lithium-ion battery costs between 10 and 15 thousand euros
more than a few small vehicles
more and l
to bring down the costs
Increase storage capacity to make the security complete and the
Range of the are the major technical tasks of ours
for everyone else in the world over the next five to ten years
the wife of Aloys Ruf
his lectures are in demand like never before
2009 has to travel a lot with them
but let's just finally get the subject of electric cars in motion
and again he grins he's shipped elsewhere
To show all that and that's the Brummer, the engineers do not come to that
to develop further
for now
Projects under
the Chinese
Ask already after